Power Scripture Import Console Help

Commands: 
clear
base <path name>
show, show t[hemes], show c[itations]
open <theme or subpath name>
close
create t[heme] <create theme parameters>, create c[itation] <create citation parameters>
save
reset
help, help <command>, help <option>

Options:
books,
book <book name>

All commands are entered beginning on the first column. The help command can be invoked with a question mark (?).
All commands are entered on a single line followed by pressing the enter key.

Clear - clears all lines from the screen that have been entered before.
Base - establishes a theme to serve as the primary reference for the session. It may be changed.
Show - displays a list of themes and citations which are direct children of the open theme.
Open - changes the open theme to a child theme or path to a descendant theme.
Close - closes the open theme and opens its parent theme.
Create Theme - creates a theme as an immediate child of the open theme.
Create Citation - creates a citation as an immediat child of the open theme.
Save - saves all themes and citations that have been created this session.
Reset - clears out all created themes and citations that have not been saved.
Help - can be invoked with ?. Help followed by a command elaborates on the command.
Books - displays the properly-spelled names of each Bible book and three-character abbreviations accepted
Book - displays the number of verses in each chapter of a particular book

Discussion: The Import Console allows a user to quickly enter Themes and Citations through the keyboard
as an alternative to the graphical interface. It is strictly for data entry and viewing. No edits or
or deletes are supported through the import console. Themes are essentially a directory structure for
cataloguing Citations. Themes have names and descriptions. Citations are a collection of scriptures
from anywhere in the Bible. All scripture is preloaded in the database. Citations reference scriptures.

Narrative: The user sets a Base Theme as a starting point. The user can navigate by opening and closing
subthemes of an open theme. They can create citation attached to the open theme. Themes and Citations
are saved to the database through the Save command. Resetting a session clears all unsaved Themes
and Citations. Helps provide access to the names of Bible books. Three-character codes can be used as
short-hand book names to make coding easier. Copying and pasting verses is a handy way to build
the database quickly.